libs/bee-q/src/components/breadcrumb-item/readme.md, before:

# bq-breadcrumb-item



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property   | Attribute  | Description                                                                                | Type      | Default     |
| ---------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | ----------- |
| `active`   | `active`   | Active the condition active of item, basically used by latest item in breadcrumb component | `boolean` | `undefined` |
| `dropdown` | `dropdown` | Contains an arrow If prop is set to true, it displays the options                          | `boolean` | `undefined` |
| `icon`     | `icon`     | Icon image used by the item in breadcrumb component                                        | `string`  | `undefined` |
| `link`     | `link`     | Contains a URL If prop is set, an anchor tag will be rendered                              | `string`  | `undefined` |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [bq-icon](../icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  bq-breadcrumb-item --> bq-icon
  style bq-breadcrumb-item fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(breadcrumb): add comment sections and prefix slot

libs/bee-q/src/components/breadcrumb-item/readme.md, after:

# bq-breadcrumb-item



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property   | Attribute  | Description                                                       | Type      | Default     |
| ---------- | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `dropdown` | `dropdown` | Contains an arrow If prop is set to true, it displays the options | `boolean` | `undefined` |
| `link`     | `link`     | Contains a URL If prop is set, an anchor tag will be rendered     | `string`  | `undefined` |


## Shadow Parts

| Part         | Description                                                   |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"base"`     | The component's internal wrapper of the breadcrumb component. |
| `"dropdown"` | The `<span>` element that holds the dropdown.                 |
| `"link"`     | The native HTML `<input type="radio">` used under the hood.   |
| `"prefix"`   | The `<span>` element that holds the prefix.                   |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [bq-icon](../icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  bq-breadcrumb-item --> bq-icon
  style bq-breadcrumb-item fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
