libs/bee-q/src/components/tab-group/readme.md, before:

# bq-tab



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property       | Attribute       | Description                                                             | Type      | Default     |
| -------------- | --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `debounceTime` | `debounce-time` | A number representing the delay value applied to bqChange event handler | `number`  | `0`         |
| `disabled`     | `disabled`      | If true tabs are disabled                                               | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `value`        | `value`         | A string representing the id of the selected tab.                       | `string`  | `undefined` |


## Events

| Event      | Description                                     | Type                                                        |
| ---------- | ----------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| `bqChange` | Handler to be called when the tab value changes | `CustomEvent<{ target: HTMLBqTabElement; value: string; }>` |


## Shadow Parts

| Part        | Description                                        |
| ----------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `"base"`    | The HTML div used to hold <bq-tab> elements.       |
| `"divider"` | The HTML `<div>` element that display the divider. |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(tab-group): add support for size

libs/bee-q/src/components/tab-group/readme.md, after:

# bq-tab



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property       | Attribute       | Description                                                             | Type                             | Default     |
| -------------- | --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `debounceTime` | `debounce-time` | A number representing the delay value applied to bqChange event handler | `number`                         | `0`         |
| `size`         | `size`          | The size of the tab                                                     | `"large" \| "medium" \| "small"` | `'small'`   |
| `value`        | `value`         | A string representing the id of the selected tab.                       | `string`                         | `undefined` |


## Events

| Event      | Description                                     | Type                                                        |
| ---------- | ----------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| `bqChange` | Handler to be called when the tab value changes | `CustomEvent<{ target: HTMLBqTabElement; value: string; }>` |


## Shadow Parts

| Part        | Description                                        |
| ----------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `"base"`    | The HTML div used to hold <bq-tab> elements.       |
| `"divider"` | The HTML `<div>` element that display the divider. |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
